Update tutorial.asciidoc (#255)
vaadin/docs: articles/ce/tutorial.asciidoc

Download a new Vaadin project from https://start.vaadin.com/?preset=latest.

[[ce.tutorial.install]]
=== Installing Collaboration Engine

> .Vaadin 19 includes Collaboration Engine as a platform feature
> [IMPORTANT]
> If you are using Vaadin 19, you don’t need to follow these instructions to install the dependencies separately. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pass:[<!-- vale Vaadin.Versions = NO -->]

.Vaadin 19 includes Collaboration Engine as a platform feature
[IMPORTANT]
A separate installation is only required when using Vaadin 18 or earlier. The required dependencies are part of the platform since Vaadin 19.

pass:[<!-- vale Vaadin.Versions = YES -->]
```
